Vacancy : Senior Python Web Developer Company Name : Company Location : New York, NY
Job Description
Senior Python Web Developer Job Number: 3178639 POSTING DATE: Jul 30, 2021 PRIMARY LOCATION: Americas-United States of America-New York-New York EDUCATION LEVEL: Bachelor’s Degree JOB: Development EMPLOYMENT TYPE: Full Time JOB LEVEL: Associate DESCRIPTION Company Profile: Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm’s employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. Morgan Stanley can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career – a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture. Technology: Technology works as a strategic partner with Morgan Stanley business units and the world’s leading technology companies to redefine how we do business in ever more global, complex, and dynamic financial markets. Morgan Stanley’s sizeable investment in technology results in quantitative trading systems, cutting-edge modeling and simulation software, comprehensive risk and security systems, and robust client-relationship capabilities, plus the worldwide infrastructure that forms the backbone of these systems and tools. Our insights, our applications and infrastructure give a competitive edge to clients’ businesses—and to our own. MS Investment Management (IMIT) Technology: Morgan Stanley Investment Management (IMIT) Technology exclusively partners with the Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) business division to design and develop systems and integrate vendor products to globally support full life cycle business processing. Activities include Portfolio Analysis, Risk, Trading, Operations, and Sales & Marketing. Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) Technology also provides holistic support and quality assurance across the suite of applications used in the MSIM environment. Role Description: The developer will be part of the core Technology group working for the Fixed Income business on an infrastructure initiative at the interface of investment decision-making and automated trading. This group develops new tools and services, interacting directly with the research team, the portfolio managers, the traders, and the quant team to capture business requirements, to translate them into technology solutions and to integrate these solutions into the production environment. Working closely with researchers and investment professionals, the workload runs the gamut of front-end UI development, solving computation problems, data wrangling, through to back-end DevOps, integrating solutions into Morgan Stanley’s internal cloud infrastructure, while tackling storage and computational challenges with large datasets and multi-threaded computations. #LI-CG2 QUALIFICATIONS Qualifications: 7+ years of experience as a technologist Fluency in Python and SQL Fluency in at least one of compiled languages: Java, C#, C++, Rust, Go Preferences: Experience with Apache Spark, Ignite, Presto, Kafka Experience with Flask / Django, React / Vue #LI-CG2 Note: these Jobs are Sourced from Indeed.com and closemile held no responsibility for any error.
